In this lesson, I will introduce the high level course concepts and learning objectives,
review why this material is important,
who is involved, then we compare today's systems to those of the past,
understanding some history, and tools and environments needed for this course.
Finally, we'll wrap up with discussing the course project, and a recap.
By the end of the lesson, you will be able to
understand how cybersecurity affects your life,
describe how business stakeholders play a role in cybersecurity,
understand a brief history of information security and cybersecurity,
understand high-level security tools,
environments, and dependency, and lastly,
have a high level understanding of the course project.